Software Engineer - job post
Sourgum
Jersey City, NJ
$130,000 - $170,000 a year - Full-time

Benefits
Pulled from the full job description

    Stock options
    Dental insurance
    Vision insurance
    401(k)
    Health insurance
    Paid time off
    Opportunities for advancement

&nbsp;
Full job description

Sourgum is transforming the $100B+ waste and recycling industry through cutting-edge technology that makes waste removal simpler, smarter, and more cost-effective. Our innovative haulsourcing platform powers high-quality waste and recycling services for businesses at significantly lower costs—saving our customers an average of 20%. Leveraging proprietary datasets, an advanced operating system, and a carefully curated network of 5,000+ trusted vendors, we help companies of all shapes and sizes streamline their operations while advancing sustainability efforts.

We’re a fast-growing, venture-backed company (just closed our Series A!) on a mission to modernize an outdated industry — and we’re just getting started. Our investors include Spark Capital, Founder Collective, Suffolk Technologies, 186 Ventures, and River Park Ventures, the same funds that backed category-defining companies like Slack, Anthropic, Uber, Venmo, and Amazon Pharmacy.

If you’re driven by the opportunity to build something groundbreaking, we’d love to meet you.

As a crucial member of our small but rapidly growing team, you will be responsible for working on our core SaaS platform. Your contributions will be instrumental in developing, maintaining, and delivering this new platform.

The ideal candidate has recent experience writing React UI’s and Node microservices using Postgres.
Key Responsibilities

    The delivery of design and implementation of digital platform solutions based on business requirements

    Development and maintenance of the software platform. Align the results with the requirements of the appropriate stakeholders

    Work with the product managers, business unit leaders, and stakeholders to manage engineering and determine team resourcing.

    Translating business requirements to technical requirements for engineering to design and implement software solutions.

Requirements

The following are representative of the education, experience, knowledge, skills or
Ability required for this position.

    3+ years of professional experience building with Typescript/React/Node or Go

    3+ years of experience working with relational databases (MySQL, PostgreSQL, etc.)

    Hands-on experience building in a microservices architecture

    Strong understanding of data structures, indexing, and searching required

    Ability to integrate with Elasticsearch and run queries/reports

    Hands-on experience working with AWS-based services including S3, SQS, SNS, DynamoDB, Lambda, Redshift

    Can apply principles of Test-Driven Development

    Experience with writing test cases

    Able to write build scripts

    Experience with version control systems, CI/CD pipeline tools, workflow tools, Jenkins, etc.

    Experience integrating applications with Redis/Memcached a plus

    AI/Machine Learning experience a plus

Nice to Have Skills

    Experience with Flutter

    Development of mobile and tablet devices

    Experience with Kubernetes and Terraform

    Experience with Kafka and similar technologies

    Experience with BigQuery and Metabase

    Experience developing Vertical SaaS ERP Software

Personal Skills

    A passion for building software and streamlining process issues

    Demonstrate tenacity when solving challenging problems in a deadline-driven environment

    Experience with Scrum/Agile Methodologies

    Ability to work in a team environment and mentor others

    Able to be self-motivated and work independently as needed to solve complex problems

    Taking pride in work and desire to make projects succeed

Benefits

    Company stock options are part of your compensation package, giving you the opportunity to share in our company's success and build long-term financial growth.

    A positive and collaborative work environment with a focus on innovation and sustainability.

    Comprehensive benefits package including health insurance (medical, dental, vision), retirement plans (401K), and generous paid time off.

    Opportunities for professional development and career advancement within a growing company.

Compensation Range: $130K - $170K
