Software Engineer, Frontend (All Teams) - job post
DoorDash
3.33.3 out of 5 stars
New York, NY
$130,600 - $285,000 a year - Full-time

Full job description

Job ID: 2729293
DoorDash, Inc.
New York, NY; San Francisco, CA; Sunnyvale, CA; Seattle, WA;

About the Role

DoorDash is building the world's most reliable on-demand, logistics engine for delivery. We are continuing to grow rapidly and expanding our Engineering offices globally! We are looking for Frontend Engineers to build and maintain a large scale 24x7 global infrastructure system that powers DoorDash's 3-sided marketplace of Consumers, Merchants and Dashers.

Frontend Engineers at DoorDash help design and build beautiful, intuitive user interfaces for our web applications to create the best delivery experience possible. Product focused Engineers work at the intersection of product and infrastructure to solve key business problems with elegant technical solutions. You’ll work with both technical and business teams to build features that keep our users top of mind.

This role is hybrid with some in-office time expected and will report to an Engineering Manager.

You're excited about this opportunity because you will…

    Become a product owner for one of our client facing applications.
    Write robust, highly tested, well-crafted code that you can be proud of.
    Fight for the best customer experience through technical and product decisions.

We're excited about you because you have…

    B.S., M.S. or PhD in relevant field
    2+ years of industry experience
    Understanding of cross-browser compatibility, progressive enhancement and graceful degradation, responsive design, website performance, and accessibility.
    Experience architecting large-scale frontend applications
    Mastery of the foundations of the web: vanilla JS, HTML5, CSS3
    Deep understanding of REST principles and experience working with and implementing backend APIs
    Experience with React/Redux, or similar frameworks
    Experience with documentation, unit and integration testing


Notice to Applicants for Jobs Located in NYC or Remote Jobs Associated With Office in NYC Only

We use Covey as part of our hiring and/or promotional process for jobs in NYC and certain features may qualify it as an AEDT in NYC. As part of the hiring and/or promotion process, we provide Covey with job requirements and candidate submitted applications. We began using Covey Scout for Inbound from August 21, 2023, through December 21, 2023, and resumed using Covey Scout for Inbound again on June 29, 2024.

The Covey tool has been reviewed by an independent auditor. Results of the audit may be viewed here: Covey

Compensation

The successful candidate's starting pay will fall within the pay range listed below and is determined based on job-related factors including, but not limited to, skills, experience, qualifications, work location, and market conditions. Base salary is localized according to an employee’s work location. Ranges are market-dependent and may be modified in the future.

In addition to base salary, the compensation for this role includes opportunities for equity grants. Talk to your recruiter for more information.

DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being. That’s why we offer a comprehensive benefits package to all regular employees, which includes a 401(k) plan with employer matching, 16 weeks of paid parental leave, wellness benefits, commuter benefits match, paid time off and paid sick leave in compliance with applicable laws (e.g. Colorado Healthy Families and Workplaces Act). DoorDash also offers medical, dental, and vision benefits, 11 paid holidays, disability and basic life insurance, family-forming assistance, and a mental health program, among others.

To learn more about our benefits, visit our careers page here.

See below for paid time off details:

    For salaried roles: flexible paid time off/vacation, plus 80 hours of paid sick time per year.
    For hourly roles: vacation accrued at about 1 hour for every 25.97 hours worked (e.g. about 6.7 hours/month if working 40 hours/week; about 3.4 hours/month if working 20 hours/week), and paid sick time accrued at 1 hour for every 30 hours worked (e.g. about 5.8 hours/month if working 40 hours/week; about 2.9 hours/month if working 20 hours/week).

The national base pay ranges for this position within the United States, including Illinois and Colorado.
I4

$130,600—$192,000 USD
I5

$159,800—$235,000 USD
I6

$193,800—$285,000 USD

About DoorDash

At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods.

DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. We're committed to supporting employees’ happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.

Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion

We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.

Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, marital/domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on “protected categories,” we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce – people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA+, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.

Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.

If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
